---
layout: post
title: New Job, New Location
description: location/work update
image: "/images/10.jpg"
tags:
- New Job
- New House
date: 2024-08-23 16:37 -0500
---
## Exiting Apple

Working at Apple is often seen as the pinnacle of success in the tech industry—a
place where innovation thrives and the brightest minds collaborate to create
world-changing products. However, beneath the surface of this high-performance
environment lies a culture that can be toxic and stifling, marked by intense
micromanagement and an overwhelming pressure to perform.

The demand for perfection at Apple is relentless. While this has led to some of
the most iconic products in the world, it also creates an atmosphere where
employees often feel they are constantly walking on eggshells. Decisions are
scrutinized at every level, and the need for approval from multiple layers of
management can slow down even the simplest of tasks. This culture of
micromanagement not only hinders creativity but also breeds a sense of distrust,
where employees may hesitate to take initiative or think outside the box for
fear of being second-guessed or reprimanded.\

Toxicity in this environment often stems from the intense pressure to deliver
results, which can lead to a work culture that values output over well-being.
The expectation to be "always on" creates a cycle of burnout that is difficult
to break. Employees may find themselves working long hours, sacrificing personal
time, and constantly pushing beyond their limits, all while receiving little
recognition or support. This not only affects morale but also takes a toll on
mental health, creating an unsustainable work-life balance.

Despite these challenges, the experience at Apple is a double-edged sword. The
brand's prestige and the opportunity to work on groundbreaking projects are
undeniable draws. However, it's essential to acknowledge the less glamorous side
of the company culture—a side that can be draining and demoralizing, even for
the most passionate and dedicated professionals.

Having said all that, after almost 4 years at ***the spaceship*** and working
with some amazing people (some not _ALL_), I made decision back in October to
leave Apple and look for someting else.

## New Beginnings
I ended up taking a position at the first company I interviewed with. Most of
the reasons are listed below but what isn't mentioned below was the opportunity
to work with some other ex-Apple folks that I respected a great deal as well as
the job being full remote. Not some bullshit RTO Mandate that involved
commuting to Apple Park to manage a team that wasn't in fact local.

Joining GEICO as the Senior Director of Engineering for Hybrid Cloud SRE is an
exciting new chapter in my career, one that comes at a pivotal moment for the
company. GEICO is undergoing a significant transformation, shifting from a
traditional IT organization to a forward-thinking Engineering organization. This
transition is more than just a change in titles or processes—it's a fundamental
reimagining of how we approach technology, problem-solving, and innovation.

In the past, IT organizations have often been seen as reactive, primarily
focused on maintaining systems and responding to issues as they arise. But as
the landscape of technology evolves, so too must our approach. At GEICO, we are
moving towards a model where engineering principles drive our decisions and
strategies. This shift means embracing a culture of continuous improvement,
automation, and resilience. It’s about empowering teams to build, innovate, and
take ownership of their work, rather than just maintaining what already exists.

As we transition to this new model, my role in Hybrid Cloud SRE will be crucial.
We're focusing on building robust, scalable, and highly available cloud
environments that support our engineering teams and drive business outcomes.
This involves not just adopting new technologies, but also fostering a mindset
where reliability, automation, and proactive problem-solving are at the core of
everything we do. It’s an exciting time to be at GEICO, and I’m eager to
contribute to this transformation, helping to lead our teams into a future where
engineering excellence is the norm, not the exception.

The journey ahead will undoubtedly come with its challenges, but it’s these
challenges that make the transformation so rewarding. I’m looking forward to
collaborating with talented professionals across the company, leveraging our
collective expertise to build something truly remarkable. This is more than just
a job—it's an opportunity to be part of a movement that will redefine how GEICO
approaches technology and engineering in the years to come.

## One More Thing

To quote Steve Jobs....

So since the GEICO position was full remote and since we were looking for a
place to retire we ended up purchasing a house in [Bandera
TX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandera,_Texas). While it's a pretty small
town (under 900 people or so) and pretty remote we're still only 25 minutes away
from Boerne and 40 minutes away from San Antonio. 

The bonus is we were able to get a house with a huge workshop for me and my
projects and the local electric co-operative also provided a 2gig fiber link to
the house (take that Silicon Valley). While we're not selling the house in Half
Moon Bay anytime soon we are splitting time between the two houses (mostly
Nicole and Patrick in CA).

Well thanks for taking the time to read and here's some gratuitious photos:

[Bandera House Photos](https://photos.app.goo.gl/fg9o4nVQQsK5Tk6d9)